Do you still accept fate and reality?
Stop messing around here
You say I'm messing up
Isn't it?
If he is
I can understand your reality and your power.
Because of people
There is always vanity and selfishness
But if you are blind
Then I really look down on you
Obviously you repented first
Li Dongjie insulted me later
I'm just teaching you how to be human by the way
What's wrong?
You said you didn't make trouble.
Who invited these migrant workers?
I invited them.
They're my brothers.
Is there a problem with me treating them to a wedding wine?
Of course there is a problem.
What's the problem because they don't deserve him to choose
Put away your arrogance
Really, the way you look makes me feel sad.
What!
You think I'm pathetic?
I used 5 years to call it Yuncheng
A hot new track in business
A billionaire CEO
You, a brick carrier, think I'm pathetic.
Want two petals of Tang Aoxue
If Mr. Li hadn't helped you
You still don't know which street sells stinky tofu.
What? You said he helped me?
What do you think?
Do you think that with your own
Can you get everything?
actually
It's all just a deliberate arrangement by Mr. Li
Crazy, crazy, I'm incompetent
I actually want to take the credit for this
It's disgusting.
Thousand hands holding a knife
Master Hao is here, you are dead